Welcome back all the there we're going to go ahead and introduce bootstrap.
So what is bootstrap.
Why do we use it.
And what's the answer.
We need it for.
So first of all bootstrap is a CSSA and Javascript framework for styling it is very useful because it
saves you a lot of work so you don't need to create your own styles.
You can use bootstrap styles and you can effectively make your sites look a lot better in a very short
amount of time and without a lot of work.
Here let me just open it up.
So this is how the site will look like.
This is the code that I've typed here.
And that you can have a look at now.
So as you can see this part looks completely different.
This has been moved and the colors are way different as well.
So how do we achieve this.
Well as I said we use bootstrap.
And if you just.
Well I've already opened it up but if you just use your favorite search engine and type in boot strap
impersonator the first the very first site will be where you want to go.
And then you click on getting started.
And you have these three links here.
So the very first one is for CSX.
This is for an optional team and this is for javascript.
Now not all javascript part will not really work well with Engler two as angular too is very new and
not all things have been developed and made to work properly.
So I'm not saying that not that it won't work at all but you will definitely encounter problems at this
point in time until it until all has been until the code has been written out optimized and made to
fit angular too.
Anyway we will be utilizing this one here.
So just go ahead and copy it.
It says here to folks over at Maxey the end generously provide a CD and support for bootstrap C Ss and
Javascript.
Just use these bootstrap CDN links so a lot of thanks to the back CD.
And if you don't know what a CDN is chant the fact that you're watching this to the fact that you were
watching this course I would guess that you've heard about CD but that you are not really familiar with
what that is or how that works.
Well CD On-Star stands for content delivery network and it basically what he does basically is service
content from the servers that are closest to the client's request.
So if you have a client for example who is in Canada and your site is being hosted in an effort somewhere
in Africa it say the content to that client portion of your site's content will be served from us for
example which is closer to the source location of the Clydes request.
And why would that.
Why would we need to do this.
Well in order to make our sites load faster you might think that.
I mean this is basically getting a millisecond per an image somewhere or per style some or something
like that but a secondary a millisecond here it adds up to a lot.
And you might not think that its important but believe me you want your site to work as fast as possible.
You don't want it to be slow at all.
That is a huge deal breaker for a lot of people who visit Web sites the site loads in a slow fashion
if it takes a while.
And if it takes a while for I mean if you have a website with a content loads first and then you have
a huge lag behind.
For example a paragraph loads but then you have a lag for that in for the styling for the paragraph
to load so that's a huge deal breaker.
What you want is for it to be practically instantaneous and you achieved by serving the content from
the locations closest to the clients requests anyway.
That is why were using the Cdn to make our site work faster you could of course it's technically possible
to download the source code of bootstrap.
In fact you have it up here download source and you can download bootstrap Actually this.
This includes some documentation as well and you can create your own content delivery network.
Is also technically doable but not really an easy thing to do.
Believe me.
So you go ahead and capitis and you go into the index that HDMI will find it indexed Ayodeji your model
and you basically just paste it here so can for or just imagine like it wasn't there I just deleted
it and you press control V to paste it in there you press control as you say.
And that's all you really need to do in order to plug in Bootstrap.
It's that easy.
No complications needed.
It's super easy to do that.
Now the next thing that you need to do is go into the index file to the HDMI file mythologies.
So app app component dot HD M-L And now here we're going to start playing around and utilizing things
from Bootstrap.
All right.
There was one more thing that I forgot the diner got to mention and that is that angularity has some
of some styles of its own.
So go into the style see SS and you will see a lot of things here.
All the work you will see a lot of styles here.
Well not a lot but you will see a lot of content here.
And what I want you to do is just press control a and delete everything like I've deleted it.
I want your styles start see it as file to be empty void.
There should be nothing in it to be completely empty.
And then you can and then you can go to the app component got a DML file.
Now here in this particular file you will first off add div class container.
Why do we need this container.
Well we will use a container to mark the contents of our component for bootstrap.
We have two types of containers container fluid and Container container fluid with is 100 percent of
the screen size no matter the size of the screen.
So you can have for example a 24 inch screen or a 32 inch screen or you can have a mobile device which
is me maybe even Max six inches or something like that for phones.
You can have a tablet which is maybe 9 inches.
It will be 100 percent of that screen size no matter which screen it is.
And a container has a weight with space to the right and left but both are responsive.
Like pretty much everything is in Bootstrap.
So what I mean by this is that weird container alone you will have this space to the left and this empty
space to the right and that is what I've decided to use.
If you just type in container dash fluid saved as can go back to Mazola wait for it to load.
So now you can see that the entirety of the screw in a way that has been occupied you can use both.
Really there are no obstacles.
I've just decided to opt for that container.
I'm just going to go ahead and delete this and save So load.
Yep there we go.
So now we have spaces on the right and left side so that we can go down below and immediately we're
plugging in another class from Bootstrap which is row.
Now this part of the page you do not see immediately.
But if we just do this delete delete.
There you go.
Now you can see it it says no accounts yet.
Please add it within that.
This is a class road.
Basically you have a row.
I will explain this in more detail down below.
But for the time being I would like to explain this class here it says alert.
You have one alert and then you have another one which is alert which says alert info.
If I basically just go ahead and press control X to and it UPS UPS that's something I want to do if
I just can press control X to save it again and open up Firefox
pressed delete delete.
It will see that the alert box is no longer there.
The alert box is no longer president so we would like that the alert box there very much
yes.
You so now when the alert box is present you can immediately C.D affect and they're going to have the
alert box in our case it's blue.
We didn't define the color that is the predefined color of the current theme colors between theme's
me defer.
So anyway let's go down let's go let's go further down below.
So you have a class a row again.
And within this row we're going to have Colon's.
Now before we get into the code here let's go over to the bootstrap website.
Scroll back up and click on see SS load.
Thank you very much.
And then click on grid system and scroll down it's right here.
Second one from the top.
It's grid system.
I would strongly advise you to read through this says bootstrap includes a responsive mobile first fluid
grid system that appropriately scales up to 12 columns.
That's something that you need to keep in mind it's always going to be 12.
And there we go this is an example.
So you have a class row and then you have a colon empty one and then you have these empty four except
for can't really find the proper example that I wanted to use.
But we can use this one here look.
So you have a class row.
And this creates a row.
So Per.
So this is X X X X and we don't need that.
We need empty OK.
You know what let's just use this one.
The first one that seems this seems like the simplest one to use.
So you have a class row and you see here it says class call and d 1.
So for empty one you're going to have in one row you're going to have 12 Colon's
for MT 8 and M.D 4.
If you place them up like this.
So if you place empty one you can have up to 12 of them in one row.
As a 12 it is 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12.
Yup.
So you can have 12 of them and all 12 of them will be displayed in a single row like this.
But if you state like it's 8 and 4 like they have stated down below it says row and then call on the
8 and call an empty four.
It's going to be like this so calling him V8 and calling him before and they you can see that they differ
in width.
So what's going on here.
Well 12 divided by 1 is 12.
Therefore in terms of where you can have all 12 of them displayed in a single row but 12 divided by
eight is basically eight.
So you will have this and the remainder is four so you can have another call NMDA so you can squeeze
another call an empty four.
So as long as the total number is 12 you can squeeze them in here.
And 12 divide by four is three so it can def. if you want if you want to have three columns in a single
row they need to be empty four so that they can fit into a single row so you have calling them before
call and before in court before you have four you have three of them and you can see that they are written
out here one below the other.
They can have three of them there if you six six to 12 divided by six as do.
So in terms of width you can only have two in a single row.
OK.
So now that sort it out.
We have six we have stated that our call and will be empty 12 12 divided by 12 is one hence we can only
squeeze in one colon per row and within that call and we're going to have all of our info for a single
account.
If you go back to the site and use our own site website let's just reload it.
There you go.
So this is row and column.
So here you have one single caller.
It is M.D 12.
So you can only have one you cannot have two.
And then again we go into the 12 and other one is displayed right below it.
So this is you have a row here and this law effectively belongs to a row so this class called an empty
12 belongs to this class row.
So to say.
And since it's 12 you can only have one colon for an account that will be displayed on the screen in
one row.
OK.
In addition to the bootstrap class call and the dash 12 we also have our own which is A.S.C. and we
have up component Dotsie assess where we have actually plugged in some of our own styling.
We have added it.
So in addition to actually using the bootstrap styles you can use some customization options such as
a DS without any problems.
So can go back to the HD.
Anyway if we scroll down a little bit I just want to explain.
And I just want to explain basically these two things.
And then we are going to cut a story because I am running a little bit short on time.
You have here strong.
And then we've taken a class a lead this is balance and so if you go back to the site it's referring
to this part of your balance school and then five six seven.
Now this is just enlarging the.
The number here in regard to balance.
So I think just go ahead and press control X here and save this
you can see that five six seven is now a lot smaller.
It's still bold but it's a lot smaller.
So we would like to enlarge that risk save and save it 5 6 7 has been enlarged here.
No problems OK going down below.
We again have another row and this is four buttons.
So if data is going to be called an M.D. 3 so we can squeeze three colons there but we don't really
actually have three cones.
We've just created we just which is going to have basically two buttons one next to another.
And as you can see here we have the lead and select ify.
I can basically delete this control save
epic and see that the delete here is completely different now from the select from the style for the
select button.
So we're going to leave that as it is.
We've just had it styling from the between class and between dash danger now between dash danger and
Beechen dash.
Primary will signify the colors of the buttons.
Just reload it to save it control us just wait for it to restart.
OK so the BT in-dash danger basically that just means that the button will be red and primary will be
blue within this theme with some other team who might have different colors.
But here in this particular team it's going to be red and blue.
We're just specifying the colors and nothing else pretty much with this beauty and danger and beauty
and dash primary we haven't changed the logic of the site at all.
The only thing that we have changed is the styling that is being applied.
So now we're going to go ahead and move on to the lower part of this demo code but that we're going
to do the follow up to Tauriel as I am in the 17th minute at the 17 minute mark.
The videos need to be shorted in 20 and I don't think that you enjoyed the longer ones anyway.